```
      _________________
     /  ______        /
    /  / ____/__     / ____________  ______ ___
   /  / /_  / _ \   / / ___/ ___/ / / / __ `__ \
  /  / __/ /  __/  / / /  / /  / /_/ / / / / / /
 /  /_/    \___/  / /_/  /_/   \__,_/_/ /_/ /_/
/________________/
```

# TL;DR

Ferrum is a framework for ruby Iron worker tasks. Use it to gather metrics about your task.

# Getting Started

1. Worker file http://dev.iron.io/worker/reference/dotworker/
2. Create a runner
  Here's a basic runner...

    ```
    require 'fe'

    Fe.configure do
    end

    Fe.run do |params|
    end
    ```

  Use the `Fe.configure` block to setup your worker, and the `Fe.run` block for execution.

## Code
Each task has a code bundle, a worker file, and a runner.

## Manage - Orbital
Watches the execution of code. Use it to handle task configuration and gathering information about code execution. Some example uses include...
- Logging
- Configuration
- Metrics
- Error reporting

## Metrics - Valence
An optional component that provides a uniform API for events and metrics. Valence is responsible for communicating to adapters.

## Adapters
Distribute information to external services. This could be logging, exception reporting, metrics, etc.

### Standard Output (todo)
Log to STDOUT

### File
Log to file (todo)

### Datadog
Search and correlate metrics and events

### Statsd (todo)
Simple daemon for easy stats aggregation

### Papertrail (todo)
Hosted log management for servers, apps, and cloud services.

### Exceptional & Airbrake (todo)
Collects errors generated by other applications, and aggregates the results for review.

### NewRelic (todo)
New Relic is the all-in-one web application performance tool that lets you see performance from the end user experience, through servers, and down to the line of application code.


